Release flow (#1019)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/dev/contributing.rst

Creating a release
------------------

1. Go to the `actions` tab on Github, select `Create a release` from the actions listen to the left, then use the `run workflow` button to start the release process. You will be asked whether it will be a `major`, `minor` or `patch` release. Choose the appropriate action.
2. The action you just run will open a new PR for you with a new branch named `release/v<NEW_VERSION>`. (the `NEW_VERSION` will be calculated for you based on which kind of release you selected.) In the new PR, the changelog, hydromt version and sphinx `switcher.json` will be updated for you. Any changes you made to the `pyproject.toml` since the last release will be posted as a comment in the PR. You will need these during the Conda-forge release if there are any.

> 3. Every commit to this new branch will trigger the creation (and testing) of release artifacts. In our case those are: Documentaiton, the PyPi package and docker image (the conda release happens seperately). After the artifacts are created, they will be uploaded to the repository's internal artifact cache. A bot will post links to these created artifacts in the PR which you can use to download and locally inspect them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Every commit to this new branch will trigger the creation (and testing) of release artifacts. In our case those are: Documentation, the PyPi package and docker image (the conda release happens separately). After the artifacts are created, they will be uploaded to the repository's internal artifact cache. A bot will post links to these created artifacts in the PR which you can use to download and locally inspect them.
```

4. When you are happy with the release in the PR, you can simply merge it. We suggest naming the commit something like "Release v<NEW_VERSION>"
5. After the PR is merged, a action should start (though it will not show up under the PR itself) that will publish the latest artifacts created to their respective platform. After this, a bot will add a final commit to the `main` branch, setting the hydromt version back to a dev version, and adding new headers to the `docs/changelog.rst` for unreleased features. It will also create a tag and a github release for you automatically. The release is now done as far as this repo is concerned.
6. The newly published PyPi package will trigger a new PR to the `HydroMT feedstock repos of conda-forge <https://github.com/conda-forge/hydromt-feedstock>`_.
   Here you can use the comment posted to the release PR to see if the `meta.yml` needs to be updated. Merge the PR to release the new version on conda-forge.

> 7. celebrate the new release!

Reviewer: Still looking forward to this :)

Author: celebrating the new release?
